The concept of gears is one of the core features of caminio.

If you have initiated a project through the `caminio-cli` command, you have also created a new gear. No only that, also a new gear with the `api: true` option. That causes caminio to parse the gear's structure for an `api` directory and tries to interpret it similar to the structure of the caminio project described above.

You can write a new node module and make it a caminio-gear by just a couple of lines:

    var Gear = require('caminio/gear');
    var myGear = new Gear({ api: true });

And ready you are. I recommend the `caminio-cli` tool to create a new gear module with all practical features like tests and such in a Gruntfile.

    $ caminio gear comments

This will create a directory called 'caminio-comments' with all basic things set up. Within the gear you have:

    |
    | Gruntfile.js
    | package.json
    |-- api
    |    |-- controllers
    |    |-- models
    |    |-- views
    |    |-- policies
    |    |-- middleware
    |
    |-- config
    |   |-- routes.js
    |   |-- view_engines.js [optional]
    |   |-- i18n
    |       |-- en.js
    |
    |-- assets
        |-- stylesheets
        |-- javascripts
        |-- images


## Gear options

#### api [default: false]

    Type: Boolean

Enables api parsing for this directory. All files matching the api structore, e.g.: `api/controllers/comments_controller.js` will be considered and interpreted.

#### applications [optional]

    Type: Array

A list of applications, this gear will provide. This is only interpreted by the `caminio-ui`-gear, which provides a graphical user interface. This array should look like this:

    { name: 'comments', icon: 'comment', admin: true }

Whereas name will be used as title in the navbar of caminio-ui. The index path to thes application should be located in `/comments`, otherwise the `path: '/my_comments'` option should be used. `admin` tells the system to only show this application to users with the `admin` role (please see the caminio-auth gear for more details). Icon should link to a font-awesome class. The `fa-` prefix will be added by caminio-ui.
